How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a better
programmer in the long term?

    More organized, less stress when modifying code on multiple projects.
	I usually save the innas and outtas to benchmark the version once it is stable.
	Much quicker response to change request and bug fixes.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
    
    The big con of automatic commits is there would be no information about why the commit
	was executed or if it did happen to prompt for a comment you may not have anything useful
	to add because you are in the middle of a edit.
	
	Pros of automatic commit are if the system crashes you'll have something...maybe.
	
	Con of manually committing is you have to be motivated to do the commit and not just keep coding.
	
	Pro of manually committing is you get to choose what are logical points in the development
	to commit your edits/changes and add comments that are meaningful to you.
	
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I'm guessing Google Docs wasn't intended for use in a complex development environment
	and there is no need for establishing a relationship between file...besides it's Google...

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
    
    You can use git log --stat and find the answer faster.
	I'm using MobaXterm and the config color command doesn't work.
	Also, you have to use "git ... | less" to get paging with any of the commands 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?
    
    More confident that making changes won't destroy existing code.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Replacing SVN with git